Docs: fedora32 is no longer supported (for integration tests) (#76159)
ansible/ansible: docs/docsite/rst/dev_guide/testing_integration.rst

These tests will modify files in subdirectories, but will not do things that install or remove packages or things
outside of those test subdirectories.  They will also not reconfigure or bounce system services.

.. note:: Running integration tests within containers

   To protect your system from any potential changes caused by integration tests, and to ensure a sensible set of dependencies are available we recommend that you always run integration tests with the ``--docker`` option, for example ``--docker centos8``. See the `list of supported container images <https://github.com/ansible/ansible/blob/devel/test/lib/ansible_test/_data/completion/docker.txt>`_ for options (the ``default`` image is used for sanity and unit tests, as well as for platform independent integration tests such as those for cloud modules).

> .. note:: Avoiding pulling new container images

Reviewer: This section can be removed, as the `--docker-no-pull` option has been deprecated and has no effect.

   Use the ``--docker-no-pull`` option to avoid pulling the latest container image. This is required when using custom local images that are not available for download.

> Run as follows for all POSIX platform tests executed by our CI system in a fedora34 docker container:

Reviewer: I'd use the distribution name and version here instead of the container name:

```suggestion
Run as follows for all POSIX platform tests executed by our CI system in a Fedora 34 docker container:
```

Author: "docker" in this line should probably be capitalized too.

Reviewer: Yes, or it could be dropped completely and just left as "container", since it also works with Podman (despite the CLI options using only "docker").

Author: Yeah, I noticed the Podman support only from looking at the code. Podman isn't mentioned once on that page. There are a number places where it says "Docker image" or "Docker container."

Author: I went through and changed the "Docker image"s and "Docker container"s to "container image"s and "container"s, and added some text about being able to use either Docker or Podman.
